Document effects of Invoice Category parameters when rendered in a PDF (#5)
vshn/appuio-odoo-adapter: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/explanations/odoo-category.adoc

= Effects Of Invoice Category Parameters

Odoo lets users customize the PDF render output using categories ("sections") in invoices.
Each category has the following additional properties:

sequence::
controls how line items are grouped together and how each category is ordered within an invoice.

pagebreak::
causes the next line item to be on the next page in a PDF (after the last line item).

separator::
causes a line printed with `\***` after the last line item within the same category.

subtotal::
causes an additional line printed with an accumulated subtotal of all line items within the same category.

== Sequence Number

If there are line items with sections defined, the rendering of an invoice is influenced by their section configuration.

=== Unique Sequence Numbers

> If no two categories in an invoice share the same sequence number, then each line item gets grouped together when rendered in a PDF regardless of their position in the invoice data record. However, the ordering of the line items _within_ the same category is still determined by the ordering in the invoice record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no two categories in an invoice share the same sequence number, then each line item gets grouped together regardless of their position in the invoice data record. However, the ordering of the line items _within_ the same category is still determined by the ordering in the invoice record.
```

For me the `when rendered in a PDF` makes the sentence harder to read and is not necessary from the context

.Sections with unique sequence numbers
[example]
====
image:invoice-unique-sequence.png[]
====

=== Shared Sequence Numbers

> If two categories in an invoice share the same sequence number, then line items only get grouped together when rendered in a PDF when they are sequentially ordered in the invoice data record.
> That means that line items may become distributed with their sections displayed multiple times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If two categories in an invoice share the same sequence number, then line items only get grouped together if they are sequentially ordered in the invoice data record.
Without sequential ordering line items may become spread across the invoice with their sections displayed multiple times.
```

Distributed my not be the right word here. I'd prefer spread.
